# Rule of Three

**Problem Description**

A substitution rule describes how to take a sequence of symbols and convert it into a different
sequence of symbols. 

For example, `ABA → BBB`, is a substitution rule which means that `ABA`
can be replaced with `BBB`. Using this rule, the sequence `AABAA` would be transformed into the
sequence `ABBBA` (the substituted symbols are in bold).

In this task, you will be given three substitution rules, a starting sequence of symbols and a final
sequence of symbols. You are to use the substitution rules to convert the starting sequence into the
final sequence, using a specified number of substitutions.
For example, if the three substitution rules were:

1. AA → AB
2. AB → BB
3. B → AA

we could convert the sequence `AB` into `AAAB` in 4 steps, by the following substitutions:

**AB** → **B**B → AA**B** → AA**AA** → AAAB

where the symbols to be replaced are shown in **bold**. More specifically, from the initial sequence
AB, substitute rule 2 starting at position 1, to get the result `BB`. From `BB`, substitute rule 3, starting
at position 1, to get the result `AAB`. From `AAB`, substitute rule 3, starting at position 3, to get the
result `AAAA`. From `AAAA`, substitute rule 1, starting at position 3, to get the result `AAAB`, which
is the final sequence.

**Input Specification**

The first three lines will contain the substitution rules. Each substitution rule will be a sequence
of `A`’s and `B`’s, followed by a space following by another sequence of `A`’s and `B`’s. Both sequences
will have between one and five symbols.

The next line contains three space separated values, `S`, `I` and `F`. The value `S` (1 ≤ `S` ≤ 15) is an
integer specifying the number of steps that must be used, and the values I (the initial sequence)
and `F` (the final sequence) are sequences of `A`’s and `B`’s, where there are at least one and at most 5
symbols in `I` and at least one and at most 50 symbols in `F`.

**Output Specification**

The output will be `S` lines long and describes the substitutions in order.

Line `i` of the output will contain three space-separated values, `R<sub>i</sub>`, `P<sub>i</sub>`, and `W<sub>i</sub>`

* `R<sub>i</sub>` is the substitution rule number (either 1, 2 or 3) that will be used.
* `P<sub>i</sub>` is the starting position index of where the substitution rule will be applied in the sequence.
Notice that the string is 1-indexed (i.e., the first character of the string is at index 1).
* `W<sub>i</sub>` is the sequence that results from this substitution. Specifically, `W<sub>i</sub>`
is the sequence of
symbols that results by applying substitution rule `R<sub>i</sub>` starting at position `P<sub>i</sub>` from the previous
sequence of symbols, `W<sub>i-1</sub>`, where we define W0 to be the initial sequence I. Note that
`W<sub>S</sub> = F`, the final sequence.

There will always be at least one sequence of `S` substitutions that will convert `I` into `F`. If there is
more than one possible sequence of substitutions, any valid sequence will be accepted.

**Sample Input**
```
AA AB
AB BB
B AA
4 AB AAAB
```

**Possible Output for Sample Input**
```
2 1 BB
3 1 AAB
3 3 AAAA
1 3 AAAB
```

**Explanation of Output for Sample Input**

This is the example outlined in the problem description. Note that the following is another possible
valid substitution sequence:

```
2 1 BB
3 2 BAA
1 2 BAB
3 1 AAAB
```


