# Arrival Time

***Problem Description***

Fiona commutes to work each day. If there is no rush-hour traffic, her commute time is 2 hours.
However, there is often rush-hour traffic. Specifically, rush-hour traffic occurs from 07:00 (7am)
until 10:00 (10am) in the morning and 15:00 (3pm) until 19:00 (7pm) in the afternoon. During
rush-hour traffic, her speed is reduced by half.

She leaves either on the hour (at XX:00), 20 minutes past the hour (at XX:20), or 40 minutes past
the hour (at XX:40).

Given Fiona’s departure time, at what time does she arrive at work?

***Input Specification***

The input will be one line, which contains an expression of the form HH:MM, where HH is one of
the 24 starting hours (00, 01, . . ., 23) and MM is one of the three possible departure minute times
(00, 20, 40).

***Output Specification***

Output the time of Fiona’s arrival, in the form HH:MM.

**Sample Input 1**

```
05:00
```

**Output for Sample Input 1**

```
07:00
```
**Explanation for Output for Sample Input 1**

Fiona does not encounter any rush-hour traffic, and leaving at 5am, she arrives at exactly 7am.

**Sample Input 2**

```07:00```

**Output for Sample Input 2**

```10:30```

**Explanation for Output for Sample Input 2**

Fiona drives for 3 hours in rush-hour traffic, but only travels as far as she normally would after
driving for 1.5 hours. During the final 30 minutes (0.5 hours) she is driving in non-rush-hour
traffic.

**Sample Input 3**

```23:20```

**Output for Sample Input 3**

```01:20```

**Explanation for Output for Sample Input 3**

Fiona leaves at 11:20pm, and with non-rush-hour traffic, it takes two hours to travel, so she arrives
at 1:20am the next day
