# [Time on task](https://dmoj.ca/problem/ccc13J4)

***Problem Description***

You have been asked by a parental unit to do your chores.
Each chore takes a certain amount of time, but you may not have enough time to do all of your
chores, since you can only complete one chore at a time. You can do the chores in any order that
you wish.

What is the largest amount of chores you can complete in the given amount of time?

***Input Specification***

The first line of input consists of an integer T (0 ≤ T ≤ 100000), which is the total number of
minutes you have available to complete your chores.

The second line of input consists of an integer C (0 ≤ C ≤ 100), which is the total number
of chores that you may choose from. The next C lines contain the (positive integer) number of
minutes required to do each of these chores. You can assume that each chore will take at most
100000 minutes.

***Output Specification***

The output will be the maximum number of chores that can be completed in time T.

**Examples:**
```
Total_time = 6
chores = [3, 6, 3]
time_on_task(Total_time, chores) => 2
```

Chores must be completed in at most 6 minutes. <br/>
There are 3 chores available.<br/>
The first chore takes 3 minutes. <br/>
The second chore takes 6 minutes. <br/>
The third chore takes 3 minutes. <br/>
The answer is 2 since only 2 of these chores can be completed in 6 minutes of time. <br/>
Specifically, the first and last chore can be completed in the allowable time. <br/>
It is not possible to complete all 3 chores in 6 minutes.<br/>

```
Total_time = 6
chores = [5, 4, 3, 2, 1]
time_on_task(Total_time, chores) => 3
```

Tasks 3, 4, and 5 can be completed in 6 minutes. It is not possible to complete more than 3 tasks
in 6 minutes.