# [π-day](https://dmoj.ca/problem/ccc15j5)

***Problem Description***

You may know that March 14 is known as “π-day”, since 3.14 (which is the third month and
fourteenth day) is a good approximation of π.

Mathematicians celebrate this day by eating pie.

Suppose that you have n pieces of pie, and k people who are lined up for pieces of pie. All n
pieces of pie will be given out. Each person will get at least one piece of pie, but mathematicians
are a bit greedy at times. So, they always get at least as many of pieces of pie as the person in front
of them.

For example, if you have 8 pieces of pie and 4 people in line, you could give out pieces of pie in
the following five ways (with the first person in line being the first number in the list): [1, 1, 1, 5],
[1, 1, 2, 4], [1, 1, 3, 3], [1, 2, 2, 3], [2, 2, 2, 2].

Notice that if k = n, there is only one way to give out the pieces of pie: every person gets exactly
one piece. Also, if k = 1, there is only one way to give out the pieces of pie: that single person
gets all the pieces.

Write a program that determines the number of ways that the pieces of pie can be given out.

***Input Specification***

The first line of input is the integer number of pieces of pie, n (1 ≤ n ≤ 250).

The second line of input is the integer k which is the number of people in line (1 ≤ k ≤ n).

For at least 20% of the marks for this problem, n ≤ 9. For at least 50% of the marks for this
problem, n ≤ 70. For at least 85% of the marks for this problem, n ≤ 120.

***Output Specification***

The output will consist of a single integer which is the number of ways that the pieces of pie can
be distributed. The output is guaranteed to be less that 2
31
.

**Sample Input 1**

```
8
4
```

**Output for Sample Input 1**

```
5
```

**Sample Input 2**

```
6
2
```

**Output for Sample Input 2**

```
3
```